yo what's popping people hey everybody
doing looking good feeling good smelling
god that's what's up man if you ain't
smellin good come old people yall
already know how this goes say it with
me know who I show ass man me anyway man
what's happening hi everybody doing man
ah this is crazy because do y'all see me
and the boys from y'all's is getting
busy up in this joint kill confirms my
joint I will not say it enough you got
that EMP grenade off the top her mother
fucker shooting rockets up from the
bottom up to the top of their so the
rocket is coming EMP grenade shuts it
down so that's what I through the EMP
grenade for but back to the topic at
hand let's talk about this bullshit man
I told y'all when I see these big
youtubers going out of these kids taking
their money that shit is not cool and I
must say this and I'm a preface this by
saying i read it on care who get mad
because y'all know this is what happens
when I find out that you doing stupid
shit that you have no business doing or
should not get turned on or should not
be doing it's bothering these little 10
15 17 year old kids for their money that
they've either saved up or worked hard
for so to continue with my bitching
let's do it like this last night we're
playing the game and you know I got my
Twitter feed up and don't watching
Twitter and i'm checking out what's
heading so i'll see this joint get to
peace bitches let's see this joint come
across the twitter you know dude hit up
woody and say Amen i sent your email to
your business joint and so is not do it
up and all I'm like what's that
and like well you know I paid to do some
money for a shout out in the video and
I'm not going to give you out a number
but the number is ridiculous so I
checked this timeline nothing tmart was
in there and I'm not saying team artists
doing that but I'm saying dude if you
are stopped at this kid I know it's 15
years old and the amount of money that
was said to be given it's ridiculous for
a shout out I tell you what I get off of
money daily for shoutouts freaking what
is it freakin being put in the on what
you call that thing down there being in
one in the suboxone love of a dual comm
all that shit man y'all really really
really do not take these kids money and
for ol ass dude like that to take that
kids money that much money is really
really appalling than a month okay come
in ICU but man all y'all dudes I don't
care who it is that's involved that's
taking these kids money y'all need to
stop quit getting these little boys
money because they think they can get
big on YouTube and explain to them that
they have to work for this nucleus jump
laying down they have the work for this
crap that it has to be earned not given
and y'all notice but y'all get turned on
y'all are steadily taking these guys
money like it's right and it's not a
height dude I told you this dude he say
say that money up for a whole year and
you take his money come on chill out
y'all earn enough money offer you two on
your own y'all want to make a living off
youtube you want to quit your job that's
your problem but don't go around taking
these little boys money that they didn't
work they ass off for or saved up and
didn't get stuff that they wanted to get
or could have gotten just because you
want them to pay you for a freaking
shout-out or
buck or dual come or whatever else it
might be ya'll must too old for that
crap man to take these kids money and if
you got something to say to me say it
cuz yeah I he know i did it because i
retweeted it out chaos retweeted it out
and then he hit me up on skype too much
you know me you all know me do only
thing you want it for me is my money so
don't come at me like that like it's
right you know I'm saying like we
business partner or we gettin busy up in
the joint know what you did ain't cool
quit taking these little boys money and
get you a flow back to freaking work and
earn your own way make your own money
off your own videos you make a killing
off of this shit and then you want to
turn around take them a little kids
money so they can get some dead subs and
they said about that shit don't work
people if you want your serve make good
content on your video earn your views
earn your lights iron your favorite or
you can go cheat way out of a white boy
giveaway shit and do all that shit but
it's how you do it you make it fun for
yourself and everybody else and earn
what you got and then it's cool other
than that don't pay these chumps nothing
for nothing and I don't care who you
made I said it now say it again y'all
stop paying these people because their
subs are not gonna earn you jack you
know I'm saying you are not gonna get
big by riding it back you don't get big
by what you do people come to watch your
video because they want to watch your
video not because really says so or x
joe said so or team are said so yeah
they might watch one or two it but after
that is done it's gonna be up to you on
your way man quit trying everything
can't be bought you know stop letting
these dudes tell y'all that that they
need your money they don't need your
money they can get you a shout out and
just say hey y'all go check this dude
out cuz he's good news that's a shout
out that don't cost them nothing but
three seconds shouldn't cost you a
quarter and y'all want to get each
y'all money I wish one of them would I
wish hey y'all quit Jenny foods y'all
money cuz they don't earn you nothing
they will help you do nothing and then
we'll help you get nowhere they just a
service you you are and you ought to see
that cuz they ask you for your money you
ask somebody for that amount of money to
do a shout-out come on man I wish I
don't now say something to me about it
yeah I'm making you I put your name in
it I surely did I said it was woody and
I don't know if team are had nothing to
do it but I checked his timeline here
sent the same thing the team art that he
sent do with it and if y'all taking
these dudes money y'all need to stop
that's some bullshit they are taking
these little kids money for shoutouts
and sub boxes when you fuckers earn more
money than these little kids we're in
two days then they were all freaking
here y'all need to cut that out man
y'all some selfish folks and I said it
and I say it again y'all know I don't
care y'all just stop doing that shit for
the anyway man y'all make sure y'all go
subscribe to gaming for the cause and
help somebody out instead of helping all
these other chumps out go help some
cheese out man cuz everything from that
channel goes goes to st. Jude Children's
Hospital anyway I'm out this mother
mother singer damn it yo
I'll call of duty modern out down
taking a life sale aiming down my side
still with a red diamond head shots
white girls night you